The body is poisoned, we have to save him
Wubao and I can use black technology
Find a way to find an antidote
Well, Third Sister, you can definitely develop an antidote
i
Well, you are a Chinese medicine genius with more potential than Mommy
You can definitely
I know. Can you?
Third sister, you must do it
I believe in your third sister
Don't forget to treat me to a snack when it's done
Just know to eat
Daddy, you gotta get better
As expected of my good daughter
Does your body have any
What about the baron?
Has he already
It's all my fault
I didn't cure you.
Hahaha
Don't cry, I'm here, then it's your father's poison
It was our daughter who saved me.
What did you say? You drank Sanbao sucking head blood, didn't you?
You promised me you wouldn't touch him